So you should start with something. That's why I pointed at you.
Oh, I started last time. No, I did.no
Okay, so um
What do you think your favorite memory has been in robotics? Favorite and least favorite.
Yeah.
Any other time of what?ohh
Did you go to any of the after school meetings? Did you go to any of the home meetings?
But I thought it's, like, not required.
Cuz Mahana was telling me yeah, she was complaining because
like robotics like trash your house and she was the one who had to create all of the backup
Like, because Moana was telling me that, like, robotics completely, like, trashed her.
And she was the one who had to clean everything back up.
Who's on team 2?whos on  team 2
Yeah, don't worry I get the
the vibe of the team now.
Team two?
oh interesting
I see you
are you um planning oh no you're probably not but you're probably not
(****)
You're probably not going to do RoboCamp this year.i think so yeah
That's fair.
heck no H-E-C-K-N-O
My friend told me that robotics is like a god.
And I was like talking about robotics the same way I talked about that guy.
he's like blocking on everything
its so toxic bro
The most toxic- Oh, I like- Oh!
Whenever I kept like I literally planned all of the days
and all the stuff from the J-O meetings, right? And then they literally just...
And then they're like, oh, by the way, the master calendar.
The secretaries are supposed to make that. I don't even...
Like, I just look over it, but the second thing is his makeup.
So why are you asking me to make it when the secretaries were supposed to make it at the very start of the year?
Because last year I was secretary, I was helping Chris make the master calendar too.
And then on top of that, I had all of his gender names, and I talked to Johnson about it, and I was like, hey, this is okay.
and I planned out what to do and then the day that the general duties actually come were actually a couple days ago.
Like oh sorry can we do like this like no
I don't think wecan do like this
Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. It's Audit and Hoonion.
yes
dude right and then as soon i found i wasnt in the...
okay i am just gonna lock outLike what's the point?
Trying to like yeah
Trying to put myself there when they obviously like don't want me there. You know what I mean?
Like don't don't try to invite yourself to parties that you're
that you didn't get invited to.
King alumni.
(****)
Apparently this is like way like a while back
But, like, basically, they sent, like, an email to Perry Han, and they're like,
Here are some problems we have with the club.
What is your advice and he basically said yeah, the whole club is like screwed
so basically um like someone or like i think it was
you're like an email to Perry Han you know Perry Han Loki was
he was like.